Loves truth & positivity|||I am good at singing, but never taken any music classes. Can I start now at the age of 18 years?Thanks for A2A and sorry for late reply. Obviously, you can start learning at any age. There is no age bar for learning anything you are passionate about. So, go for it .Join any good classical class and riyaaz (practice) daily.|||How do I start learning or strengthen my knowledge of data structures and algorithms?I would suggest you to start reading Data structures using C by Reema Thareja ,it has simple explanatory language for us which is really very easy to understand. It seems like a teacher is explaining you line by line.I have read this book and it has really helped me.This book has some printing mistakes in solved examples and programs but you can easily figure it out.Hope it helps.|||How can one escape from those thorny words which pierce your heart away?“IGNORE” think as if the other person is saying this just to check your patience level.|||What are the 3 golden words of your life except ‘I love you'?I trust you.In a short and crisp way I can say ,trust is the most tricky decision.once some1 trust you means he /she really wants you to be there in their life.Different person can have different definitions for love but trust has only one definition . Trust is the most difficult thing to win ,thus makes it as precious as gold and once there is trust in any relation the relation will shine like gold ,it will never leave its lusture .thus I TRUST YOU according to me is the three golden words and the biggest conpliment to receive.|||What would be your attitude while handing people who demoralise you?If someone does something good,there are bunch of people to demolarise them and on the same side there are many people to encourage them. So keep the positive suggestions (which actually means suggestions given positively even if they show your mistakes,suggestions spoken to you with an encouragement to improve)with yourself and leave other things beside.Moreover take it so positively and work so hard so that the people demolarasing you one day has to come and appreciate you.This is what I do and believe.Improve yourself everyday.Stay positive.Stay happy.Duniya jhak mar k tmhe appreciate karegi.Actually they have to.|||Which is more painful, when you give up your dream or when you give up your love?Mmm……a nice question.Actually dream and love are interrelated to each other.If your dream is so true ,it becomes your love and the other side if your love is true ,it becomes your dream as you want to achieve it. So according to me love and dream can be the synonym of each other .so ,its painful when we give up our love i.e the thing/person that/who is close to our heart .|||"Just do your best." That's what people tell you when you express doubts about getting something right. How do I know what is my "best"?Best is the thing you want to do ,that gives you happiness and the thing that you can do effortlessly because you want to do it.The problems in that work will also seem easy for you..actually you will not see it as a problem.|||How do you not let others’ negativity influence your behaviour?In todays world we meet a lot of negative people and a lot of negative situations.Its our choice whether we want to suppress ourselves with negativity or being positive make the other person feel positive,make an effort to change his mind.According to me,second one is the best as being positive and making others feel positive is benefitting two persons - you and the other person,the other person may make the other one positive and the chain continues .As we are all greedy and try to grab things that has more benefit and profit ,so why not to chose this greedy approach here.Secondly for a situation ,if a situation is negative or lets assume everything going around us is negative ,nothing is going correct i.e the way we want so let me tell you its life -if everything goes your way wouldn't it be boring ..all the fun will disappear .So comes the negativity as a challenge to check your ability to play with it . My friend ,we are those who can make things go our way only by changing a piece of thought.If you think these negative situations are normal and they are made to affect you then they will but if you think they don't have that potential to affect you a strong soul then they will not. So ,again the choices are present in your hands.Solution is : Be positive and change your vision to see the problems and people,find positivity in each and every situation ,each and every people and you will see everything around you is positive .I know we are humans so saying this is very easy but its application is difficult but we must give a try.Atleast not in all situations ,but we may change few situations.Like we can think positively in very basic situations like exams, office pressure ,break ups(very common now a days), cheat etc. And dealing these situations positively will make us think positively in worst situations possible. So its better to take a step.This is not merely a writing but I have applied this to my life and trying to continue it. So,you can. I can bet you it gives tons of happiness.Thank you.